 # Leafs Season Schedule and Stats
    #### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m9i6XnM91s>
    #### Description:
   This Leafs Season Schedule and Stats project allows a user to input any NHL team and any NHL season, and they will be able to see every game the Toronto Maple Leafs played against that team within that season, the score, outcome and which players scored in that game. This program is useful for sports fans, sport analysts, fantasy players, and more. There are 3 functions used to implement this program.

   The first is a get_year(). This function returns the season the user wants to view and stores the first year of the season in season_start and last year of the season in season_end. These variables are used in the function to follow in order to specify the season the user wants to view. It's important to note that exception handling/regex was not implemented in this function. Because of this, it's important that the user inputs the season in the proper format, namely XXXX-YYYY. Exception handling/regex could be implemented quite easily, however, for the context of this project I feel it is not very necessary.

   The second function is a get_schedule(). This function is used in order to return a list of dicts, each dict representing a game from a specified leafs season. From this, we are able to extract a team name, score and outcome from that specific game, as well as a game ID. The game ID is a specifier used to pinpoint a game out of every game played within the NHL, not just for the leafs. At a high level, the overall season list outlines every game the leafs played in that respective season. This function utilizes one NHl api, specifies the user inputted season, and iterates through the returned json file in order to find and append the values mentioned above to the season list. It ensures that the game we are looking at is in fact a regular season game and not pre-season.

   The third and last function is get_scorers(). This function is used to obtain the individual scorers from each game we wish to output. It accomplishes this by specifying the game ID in the season list obtained in the last function, customizes another NHL api with this game ID in order to retrieve a json file specifying game specific information. From this file, we are able to iterate through and see who scored a goal in this specific game. This process is repeated for the number of games the Leafs faced that specified team within the specified season.

   For example, if we want to see every game the Washington Capitals vs Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2022-2023 season, we will specify the Washington Capitals when prompted, then 2022-2023 when prompted for a season. get.schedule() then creates a list of every game the Leafs played in this season, storing valuable information to be used like score, outcome and game Id. In this season, the Leafs faced Washington 3 times. Therefore, there will be 3 occurrences of Washington in the season list and therefore 3 different game IDs. The get_scorers() function, using another API and specified game ID will then iterate through the JSON file returned when the game ID is specified and looks for who scored one or more goals in that game, and outputs their name.
